1. an I-told-you-so air一种“我不是和你说过吗”的神情

2. a by-now-familiar excuse 一个现在为大家所熟悉的借口

3. all walks of life各行各业

4. follow one’s lead:take somebody as the example以某人为榜样----Eg.You say what you think is best.I’ll follow your lead.

5. give of(oneself,one’s time/money,etc.):do things for other people without expecting anything in return献出...来帮助某人----Eg.You should freely give of yourself.

6. have a fit:be very angry,shocked or out of control大吃一惊，大发雷霆，发怒----Eg.My father would have a fit if he found out about this.

7. measure up to:reach the required of expected standard;fulfill expectations符合，达到----Eg.His performance failed to measure up to his parents’ expectations.

8. put/place somebody on/upon a pedestal:admire someone so much that you treat or talk about them as though they were perfect把某人当偶像崇拜----Eg.You shouldn’t put him on a pedestal——he doesn’t deserve it.

9. ·catch on:

   1)begin to understand or master something懂得，掌握

   2)become popular流行

10. fill in:do somebody’s job or work because they are unable to do it替代某人的工作

11. get thought:finish or complete something especially when it is difficult干完，完成

12. start over:start doing something again from the beginning,especially because you want to do it better从头开始

13. with a vengeance:(informal)with great force or more effort than before激烈地，猛烈地

14. the master/mistress of ceremonies 男/女节目主持人

15. take...too far/go too far:behave in a way that is beyond reasonable limits做得过火----Eg.He’s taking that joke too far and becoming rude.

16. you name it:(used after of before a list)to indicate that a very wide range of things are being talked about凡你能说得出的----Eg.Clothes,furniture,books——you name it,they sell it.

17. pose for a picture 摆姿势照相 

18. follow the latest fashion 赶时髦

19. admire somebody from the bottom of one's heart 佩服得五体投地

20. follow in one’s footsteps 步某人的后尘